over half a century back
in the village the level roman him
nobody lets in but has seen me
the story about the spirit under the
Everybody knows water in this area
here he is there you can see all the points there
is a giant object or the
I like their water weir it here
there are the magnetic traces that are the
points that we have measured off everyone
Point is a point is a magnet point
that we have discovered
Pressure gauge shows exactly where he is
1942 as a couple 1 over the Danube
I wanted to drive down from the bridge
slipped and got under water
when a barge crossed the river
and was damaged by the cannon
of the tank on the river bottom one has the
Panzer hunted was also the highest
Building over the river in the window thought
I do not meet anyone here
There is a fountain of water over the water
blown up the parts flew all over
river in the river bestseller
obermann can see no farther than ten
centimeters under water
and examine in these conditions
The divers had tanks under water
The diver does not see his hand
farther than ten millimeters 47 and a half
tons of armor with a meter thick in the
mud
all it does so from then vacuumed and
Now it takes huge power to the
move the tank from the spot
no light work it is a tank
to lift off the ground I'll tell you 300
metric tons
the power came far away from all cities
deliver a second tank or a
cable what is all this fits that
System of this device can be the force
enlarge
Here is an eye I can
a motion head mount here via
the strengthening of paars can I how big
is distance 40 60 centimeters you take
the small the small room there that
little salt you see you're in there
here we have an ointment of the same length
I am still a long rope here
attached and here we are the whole
attach
We were lucky the tank still had
I've found him I've got one
Idea of ​​so much that that raise
You can be prescribed
armor confirm
here is a bridge so lay the tub
of the top completely demolished corp
is it filled with sand here we have
the album hangs and here lies
Huge oak with food and armor hanging
at the oak tight situation extremely the
oak blocked tank and hangs
even on the bridge pillars of the old ones
bridge
it only remains the sand under the
Streicher to wash out this
can be driven off the flow
I never thought you would go in
our country a fans out too
wants to help pull for it
says to help what we have to do
attach the ropes with ten of them today
It is very many people in the shore
whole population of the village is here
there are even cameras again
which means it comes on television the
full version only with us
I tell you 1 everything we have here
have made
It was on the edge of this tank has
completely finished me
I do not have any strength any more
the man was pulled out but that
is not the end of the story
it will still have a way to
force.com elit unit see where from
This tank will be installed and will
to the central panzer museum comedian
Skillfully they follow our further
senior citizens
to be continued